NOTE:
Files owners.txt and prizes.txt does not need the file extension ".txt" 
when creating new File() in Raffle.parseOwners(), Raffle.parsePrizes().

Wanted to implement selecting elements from map using UUID but that
didn't work out because Collections.shuffle() does not work with Maps.
Without .shuffle(), would need random index selection of elements.

Wanted to implement the previous version's RandomizerUtils' 
getRandomNumber(min, maxExcl) to randomize the number of units won per
ticket of the same type of Prize, say winning 1-3 units of the same prize
per ticket, but because each Ticket object only contained name, this 
feature would've required another Collection map that contained 
PrizeName:RemainingUnits, and another config field "allowMultipleUnits"
that controlled whether each ticket gets a fixed 1 unit of prize per 
ticket, or if a ticket can win multiple units.
And If multiple units is set to true, should we always exhaust the whole
prize pool by the end, or should we completely randomize the number of
units, meaning sometimes there could be left over even when allowing 
multiple winnings per ticket?
Did not implement this even though it's not difficult because we already
have another way of solving this problem - by issuing more tickets per 
owner in the owners.txt file. If the total tickets assigned is equal to
the total prizes, then all prizes will be distributed. Issuing more tickets
is not as flexible or random as implementing the two extra config fields 
Boolean distributeAll, Boolean allowMultipleUnits.

Incorporated RandomizerUtils into the RAFFLE V2 project by using it to
draw random numbers for number of extra shuffles if default Raffle() 
constructor is used.

TO-DO:
Definitely write the console messages into an output txt file instead of
later having to copy-paste everything - perhaps leave console printing
messages as if debug is turned on, but the output txt needs to be in
debug off mode, or make it configurable.